Updating Onboarding Docs with VS Code Cluster Setup (#1518)
ihmeuw/vivarium_research: docs/source/model_design/programming_vivarium/debugging/index.rst

recommend having a file, or Jupyter notebook open to run some basic 
checks.

> While working in VS Code with the cluster set-up, `information on this can be found here <https://stash.ihme.washington.edu/projects/CCGUTS/repos/script_utils/browse/bin/submit_vscode_server.py>`_ on there 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Information on working in VS Code with the cluster `is available here <https://stash.ihme.washington.edu/projects/CCGUTS/repos/script_utils/browse/bin/submit_vscode_server.py>`_ and there 
```

> is more in depth information in the Onboarding Resources section of 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
is more in-depth information in the Onboarding Resources section of 
```

> Vivarium Research, you can run Jupyter notebooks while creating 

Reviewer 2: I think the grammar of this sentence got a bit weird

> Vivarium Research, you can run Jupyter notebooks while creating 

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Vivarium Research [link].  You can run Jupyter notebooks while creating 
```
